A beautiful smile by Zhang Be.
When I was 13 years old, a girl gave me an important gift.
It was a smile.
It was the early autumn of my first year at a new school.
No one knew me.
I was very lonely and afraid to make friends with anyone.
Every time I heard the other students talking and laughing, I felt even more lonely.
I could not talk to anyone about my problem, and I did not want my parents to worry about
me.
One day, my classmates were talking with their friends, but I sat in silence.
At that moment, a girl entered the classroom.
I did not know who she was.
She passed me and then turned back.
She looked at me and, without a word, smiled.
Suddenly, I felt the touch of something bright and friendly.
It made me feel happy, lively and warm.
It was like a hidden treasure.
That smile changed my life.
I started to talk with the other students.
Day by day, I learnt to trust people, and they included me in their circle of friends.
The girl with the bright smile has become my best friend now, and we stick together like
glue.
One day, I asked her why she smiled at me that day.
She said she could not remember.
Now I believe that the world is what you think it is.
If you think you are lonely, you might always be alone.
My suggestion is, smile at the world, and it will smile back.